Apply component documentation content improvements (#2674)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/grid-layout/examples.mdx

### Default

> `GridLayout` defaults to a 12-column grid with one row. The spacing between rows and columns depends on the prop `gap`, which is 3 by defauly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GridLayout` defaults to a 12-column grid with one row. The spacing between rows and columns depends on the prop `gap`, which is 3 by default.
```

### Columns and rows

Use grid layout `column` and `row` properties to control the number of columns and rows in the layout.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="grid-layout" exampleName="ResponsiveLayout">

### Responsive layout

The grid layout’s responsive properties allow you to customize specific properties of the grid (such as the number of columns and rows) per breakpoint.

You can use the default [Salt breakpoints](/salt/foundations/responsiveness#breakpoints) or pass in your own using [`SaltProvider`](/salt/components/salt-provider).

A responsive property is a property that takes either multiple values (one value per breakpoint) or a single value that would take effect across all different screen sizes. An example is a layout that will responsively change from 12 columns to two and then to one as the space decreases:

```js
columns={{ xs: 1, sm: 2, lg: 12, md: 12, xl: 12 }}
```

#### Best practices

> - Use `GridLayout`’s responsive properties when the flow of the grid is dependent on the viewport size, such as when a user typically resizes their application or webpage and content needs to remain visible.

Reviewer: Not sure why this one is `GridLayout`'s over "grid layouts"

- Define specific layout behaviors per breakpoint to optimize the content display across different device sizes.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="grid-layout" exampleName="SpanningColumnsAndRows">

### Spanning columns and rows

> We strongly recommend that you display content in `GridLayout` inside grid items. Using a grid item, you can control the size and position of content in the grid. By default, a grid item will span one column and one row. Use the `colSpan` and `rowSpan` props to increase the size of individual items to span multiple rows and columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is possible to use `GridLayout` without using `GridItem`, we strongly recommend that you wrap items with the `GridItem` component. Using a grid item, you can control the size and position of content in the grid. By default, a grid item will span one column and one row. Use the `colSpan` and `rowSpan` props to increase the size of individual items to span multiple rows and columns.
```
I think it would be something like this
